Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#17)
mpi4py/shmem4py: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to shmem4py

Thanks for taking the time to contribute!

## Table of Contents

- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I Want To Contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)

## I Have a Question

> If you want to ask a question, we assume you have read the available [documentation](https://shmem4py.readthedocs.io/).

Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](/issues) that might help you. In case you have found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in this issue. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first. Please note that many questions regarding the programming model itself and suggestions for its enhancements may better belong to the [OpenSHMEM Community](http://openshmem.org/site/Community) rather than the shmem4py project, which is naturally constrained by the specification and underlying OpenSHMEM implementations.

> If you still feel the need to ask a question or clarification, we recommend opening an [Issue](/issues/new). Please remember to provide as much context as possible about what you're running into and report project and platform versions depending on what seems relevant.

Reviewer: It's better to suggest opening a Discussion

```suggestion
If you still feel the need to ask a question or clarification, we recommend opening a [Discussion (Q&A)](/discussions/new?category=q-a). Please remember to provide as much context as possible about what you're running into and report project and platform versions depending on what seems relevant.
```

- Collect information about the bug:
  - Stack trace (Traceback)
  - OS, Platform and Version (Windows, Linux, macOS, x86, ARM)
  - Version of the Python, Python packages, OpenSHMEM implementation, etc., depending on what seems relevant.
  - Possibly your input and the output
  - Can you reliably reproduce the issue? And can you also reproduce it with older versions?
- If possible, check if the same issue can be reproduced in C rather than Python. If that is the case, the issue is often with the underlying OpenSHMEM implementation, not shmem4py.

#### How Do I Submit a Good Bug Report?

We use GitHub issues to track bugs and errors. If you run into an issue with the project:

- Open an [Issue](/issues/new).
- Explain the behavior you would expect and the actual behavior.
- Please provide as much context as possible and describe the *reproduction steps* that someone else can follow to recreate the issue on their own. This usually includes your code. For good bug reports, you should isolate the problem and create a reduced test case.
- Provide the information you collected in the previous section.

> Once it's filed:
> 
> - A team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps. If there are no reproduction steps or no obvious way to reproduce the issue, the team will ask you for those steps and mark the issue as `needs-repro`. Bugs with the `needs-repro` tag will not be addressed until they are reproduced.
> - If the team is able to reproduce the issue, it will be marked `needs-fix`, as well as possibly other tags (such as `critical`), and worked on as soon as time allows.
> 

Reviewer: All there rules and regulations are bit rigid and bureaucratic for a small dev team , maybe we don't really need this?

```suggestion
```
